Learning objectives (#6)
mitre/fhir-for-research: modules/terminology.qmd

  - Clinician Scientist/Trainee

learning_objectives:
  - question: Explain how terminology enables health data interoperability.
    answer: Standard terminology allows data to move across systems while maintaining shared meaning.

>   - question: Give two examples of use cases for terminology in research.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - question: Identify use cases for terminology in research.
```

    answer: Use cases include helping researchers automatically build cohorts and aggregating data across different systems or institutions.

>   - question: Contrast CodeSystems, ValueSets, and ConceptMaps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - question: Understand how CodeSystems, ValueSets, and ConceptMaps are used in FHIR.
```
